# EasyRitorno

## Background:
- From End Users Perspective …
Shopping trends have drastically changed over the past decade. Online Retailer giants like Amazon, eBay have transitioned our cumbersome store hopping to buying goods with a click from the comforts of your own home. However, there are a lot of us who always wonder if we have made the right choice? What if we order the wrong size of our favorite denim? What if we received a malfunctioning Bluetooth speaker? The return process is such a hassle. One need to repack everything, obtain the shipping label and post them to the retailer hub. Imagine a company that would do all this for you? Offer you the service of picking up your return goods from your doorstep, package the product and then ship them to appropriate address. At the end of this project we will have an Enterprise Application that provides customers an Online portal to help them in hassle-free retail return process.
- From Employees of the Company Perspective …
Everyone loves cloud applications. About 56% of organizations use 6 or more SaaS applications like GitHub for version control repository, Jenkins for Continuous Integration. With this growing cloud apps adoption, we are running into overwhelming security issues in organizations. It is humanly impossible for users to remember individual strong passwords for every cloud application used within the organization. Employees generally end up reusing their passwords or create insecure weak passwords, store them in emails which is a huge risk to the organization security. Also, IT department in every company needs to manage multiple vendors and cross platform cloud applications. The situation gets worse when employee accounts are locked down and takes days together to unlock the accounts. A solution to all these problems is a single-sign-on service where employees are provided with a portal wherein with one click can access all their cloud applications.
